feat: Adding BaseService::updateServicesCache. Adds ablity to update Services Cache at runtime. (#8896)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.6.0.rst

Others
======

> - **Services:** Added ``BaseService::updateServicesCache`` method to allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
- **Services:** Added ``BaseService::updateServicesCache()`` method to allow
```

>   updating the services cache file post autoloading. This will only look for
>   new services and add them to the class name cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  updating the cache (property) of services created when Services is first called.
  This will only look for new Services classes and add the classnames to the cache.
```
